yeah wait that's saying the really smart
middle school yeah
oh great to hear they're taller nowadays
I know maybe it's the heels what is it
so yeah like this how do they do that uh
so Haley Hammond is from Sky Vista
middle school out in Cherry Creek
schools and what grade eighth grade good
and how do you think she let all of her
friends know that she was gonna be on
today how do you think uh text yes see
you got her she's showing up at her
office and we're practicing and she's
doing this my friends today exactly it's
on all right so it's classic science
experiment right so you want to tell him
and we'll get it all set up tell them
what it is all right pretty much what
we're gonna do is we're gonna try to get
this egg into this bottle so that's it
all you do is you just take your hand
here Kim and just smash it down there
yeah right normally want me to do back
what's the secret
go ahead what's the secret we're gonna
put a piece of paper on fire and put it
in the bottle and then what we're gonna
do is put the molecules will separate
and let go far away from each other and
then once we fill it up with this egg
and it'll close off so all the air will
get cooler in there and so all the air
will push it down that's out here we'll
push it down into the bottle now not
only does she brilliant but she said the
word that she said fire all right so
it's a little bit of fire so be nervous
all right we're telling people not to
try this at home right I just wait for
yours yeah fight Tiger princess very
funny all right with your science
teacher take Lisa yes ok you ready so
let's do this
so Kim's gonna be in charge of the
hard-boiled egg so here you're in charge
of the hard-boiled egg huh when she says
go put it right on top got it all right
you're in charge of fire and I'll take
Uranus all right all right here we go
classic all righty so here we go a
little bit of fire here good and so now
we'll catch this on fire get ready Kim I
was gonna go down inside like this put
it on top ready don't take your eyes off
of it don't take your eyes off ah here
goes
oh yes awesome it doesn't get much
better than that that's the classic egg
in the bottle I blow it out as you get
the owners nice sorry
it's okay don't look silly on camera at
all don't worry that's it that's the
classic egg in the bottle so again we
had to use the fire because it warmed up
the air inside pushed all the air out
well a lot of the air out as soon as we
close it off it's like a little valve
and it pushes it in well what's the
problem with people trying this at home
um well some of them don't have the
old-fashioned milk bottles like this
right I don't have any yeah so we were
gonna use that juice bottle all right so
let's do it again let's do a juice
bottle this time all right so we can do
the same exact thing but the egg is
gonna be too big for the juice bottle so
that's why we have the water balloon all
right just give it a little is perfect
so now if it breaks this might be a
repeat of you in the backyard would ya
all right
I wasn't such a good hair day to begin
with okay so you ready so will you do
this again so again we're gonna get
those molecules warm inside that's what
we're having to use this for and then
this is gonna form that one-way valve
ready so we've got it like this so this
kind of goes in this is good how you do
that all right any like a million people
are watching yes okay worry about there
it is fun
go ahead Kim asked how do you get the
egg out of the bottle ask how do you get
the egg out of the bottle so glad you
like this because she knows how to do it
now here's what you can do you could I
would be cheating take like a knife and
get in there and kind of break it up and
everything and you don't you don't want
to do that data and we want the viewers
to be able to see so here's the egg and
I want you to get it out okay so what
tell everybody what you're gonna do what
I'm gonna do is hold it upside down like
this and put my mouth to it okay she's
gonna blow really really hard good she's
pushing air in there let's see what
happens ready good here uh dang better
harder lift up a little bit there you go
right oh there it is I did now try good
oh here it comes now turn it over so
they can see what's happening nice look
at this getting there
so yeah what's there here also under
that will you try it with this one right
pushing really hard ready good and now
go here it comes hurt oh there it is
here it is here it is there it is me now
do the little clucking some words look
nice oh they're good they come out it
might look at this
life is good ten second rule it's still
okay right yeah a little deformed egg is
back out so it's the classic egg in the
bottle and now I've got a stuck a
here so feel that let's stuck with this
it's dead stuck really hard yeah
absolutely a little bit of pressure a
little bit of heat molecules expanding
contracting what a great way to get
school started for day three
oh that is great and you go back to
school soon August 25th yep
okay we'll keep our eyes on you because
she's interested in science
smart girl is a very very good thing all
right very very wrong but that was great
we threw it all up on the website so if
you want to try it like your science
teachers ready to do something a classic
go right to the website there's over 250
experiments now in the nine news site is
that fun right we love that well you can
make your own experiment and inspire a
girl maybe a little bit younger perhaps
a little more well little smaller than
me put it that way to do the same thing
go to the four o'clock page on 9news.com
as seen on my music on there go there
it's a lot of yo boy yeah a little
mayonnaise and life is gonna be good
right